and it came to pass after these things
that neighbor the jezreelite had a
vineyard which was in jesu next to the
palace of ahab king of samaria so Ahab
spoke to neighbor give me your vineyard
that I may have it for a vegetable
garden because it is near next to my
house and for it I will give you a
vineyard better than it or if it seems
good to you I will give you it's worth
and money the Lord forbid that I should
give the inheritance of my father's to
you so Ahab went into his house sullen
and displeased because of the word which
neighbor the jezreelite had spoken to
him for he had said I will not give you
the inheritance of my father's and he
lay down on his bed and turned away his
face and would eat no food but Jezebel
his wife came to him
why is your spirits so sullen that you
eat enough food because I spoke to
neighbor the jezreelite and said to him
give me your vineyard for money or else
if it pleases you I will give you
another vineyard for it and he answered
I will not give you my vineyard you now
exercise authority over Israel
rise eat food and let your heart be
cheerful I will give you the vineyard of
naboth the jezreelite and she wrote
letters in Ahab's name sealed them with
his seal and sent the letters to the
elders and the nobles who were dwelling
in the city with neighbor she wrote in
the letters proclaim a fast and Sita
namath with high honor among the people
and seat two men scoundrels before him
to bear witness against him saying you
have blaspheme God and the king then
take him out and stone him that he may
die so the men of his city the elders
and nobles who were inhabitants of his
city did as Jezebel had sent to them as
it was written in the letters which he
had sent to them they proclaimed a fast
and seated neighbor with high honour
among the people and two men scoundrels
came in and sat before him and the
scoundrels witnessed against him against
neighbor in the presence of the people
saying
nebith has blasphemy God and the king
when they took him outside the city and
stoned him with stones so that he done
[Applause]
then they sent to Jezebel nebith has
been stoned and is dead and it came to
pass when Jezebel heard that neighbors
had been stoned and was dead that
Jezebel said to Ahab arise take
possession of the vineyard of naboth the
jezreelite which he refused to give you
for money
her neighbor is not alive but dead so it
was when Ahab heard that neighbor was
dead that Ahab got up and went down to
take possession of the vineyard of
naboth the jezreelite then the word of
the lord came to elijah the tishbite
arise go down to me day hab king of
Israel who lives in Samaria there he is
in the vineyard of naboth where he has
gone down to take possession of it you
shall speak to him say thus says the
Lord have you murdered and also taken
possession and you shall speak to him
saying thus says the Lord in the place
where dogs licked the blood of
neighbor's dogs shall lick your blood
even yours
so Ahab said to Elijah have you found me
oh my enemy I have found you because you
have sold yourself to do evil in the
sight of the Lord behold I will bring
calamity on you I will take away your
posterity and will cut off from a hab
every male in Israel both bond and free
I will make your house like the house of
Jeroboam the son of Nebat
and like the house of Basha the son of a
Hydra because of the provocation with
which you have provoked me to anger and
made Israel sin and concerning Jezebel
the Lord also spoke saying the dogs
shall eat Jezebel by the wall of Jezreel
the dogs shall eat whoever belongs to
a.m. and dies in the city and the birds
of the air shall eat whoever dies in the
field but there was no one like a hat
who sold himself to do wickedness in the
sight of the Lord because Jezebel his
wife stirred him up and he behaved very
abominably in following idols according
to all that the amorite had done whom
the Lord had cast out before the
children of Israel so it was when Ahab
heard those words but he tore his
clothes and put sackcloth on his body
and fasted and lay in sackcloth went
about mourning
and the word of the Lord came to Elijah
the Tishbite see how a hab has humbled
himself before me because he has humbled
himself before me I will not bring the
calamity in his days in the days of his
son I will bring the calamity on his
house
[Music]